Forms: Forms are used to collect data from the user.
eg: login, registration,feedback , application, subscription,contact, enquiry, payments, captcha , search , leads etc..,
Forms in HTML uses 'form' element.For a Functional Form, we need inputs, buttons and validations.
Input : input is a self closing which contains following attributes
  type: defines the type of the input element (based on data it receives)
  placeholder : defines the dummy text the input holds until user enters the value.
  value : defines the value of input element. usually user enters it but sometimes we can prefill it 
  id: used to identify the element the element uniquely
  name : defines the name the input element carries when its value is submitted
 
 <input type="text" placeholder="Enter your name" id="na" name="nam">

  label : it is used to make the user understand what kind of data needs to be entered in input
  label contains 'for' attribute which needs to connected with the input using input id.
  <label for="na">Enter name:</label> 
  <input type="text" placeholder="Enter your name" id="na" name="nam">

  Button is used to make user clickable actions . it contains different types such as
   type="button"   -- general button
   type="submit"   -- submitting the form
   type="reset"    -- resetting the form

form contains attributes such as
   action -- it contains path/file to which the submitted data will go
   method -- GET -- default way of sending the data and the data will be visible in URL
          -- POST -- secure way of sending the data and data will not be shown in URL

different types of Inputs:
   1. text -- it is used to enter textual data such as usernames, first and last names etc..,
   2. email -- it is used to enter emails . By default it won't accept without @
   3. password -- it is used to enter secret data such as passwords, keys, financial data . 
   4. number -- it is used to enter only numbers like age, phone number etc..,
   5. date -- it is used to select specific date like booking apps etc..,
   6. time -- it is used to select specific time like alarms, countdowns, slots etc..,
   7. datetime-local -- it is used to select date and time together like booking slots,detailed DOB etc..,
   8. color -- it is used to select specific color like drawing boards etc..,
   9. hidden -- it is used to make the input hide with a value. when form is submitted, this data also gets submitted without user's knowledge
   10. file -- it is used to accept/upload files like resume, images etc..,
       it has an attribute 'accept' to accept specific type 
   11. url -- it is used to select /enter specific URL. eg: social media links
   12. search -- it is used to select/enter searchable terms. It submits the form on enter.
   13. button/submit/reset : These are similiar to buttons of specific type.
   14. textarea: it is used to accept heavy informations or multiple rows of data
       we can control width and height of textarea using cols and rows attribute
    15. radio : it is used to accept single choice. by default checked option will select it . 
    All the radio inputs of similar purpose should have same name. radio buttons can be triggered by label
    16.. checkbox :it is used to accept multiple choices. By default checked option will select it. All the checkboxes of similar purpose should have same name. These are also triggered by label
    17. Dropdowns:
       These are used to select single or multiple choices from large set of choices.
       They use 'select' element. it contains childern element like 'option' with value.

       All options can be combined using optgroup
       , it can havel label attribute with a value

       multiple flag is used to select multiple choices and size defines the size of select box






























